Title: About Us
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/about.html
Words: 605
---

Our mission is to provide a valuable resource of information and
downloads to people who want to evolve mentally, emotionally and
spiritually, and to help people become healthier, happier and more
peaceful.We are also committed to supporting meditation teachers, personal development consultants and holistic healers by helping themcreate their own guided meditations, and by helping them to reach a wider audience with their work.In this way The Guided Meditation Site acts as a bridge that
connects people with a wide range of talented healers and teachers
throughout the world.

Susanne Kempken is the co-founder and managing director of The Guided Meditation Site- the world’s most comprehensive online resource for guided meditations.She left behind her successful corporate career to follow her passion for all things meditation.

Susanne is very passionate about meditation, energy balancing and holistic healing. She has had training in Meditation, Reiki, Metaphysics and Stress Management, and continues to educate herself further with special emphasis on the Chakra System and Energetic Literacy.

As an empath, Susanne is a deeply intuitive and compassionate person with a natural gift for understanding people. She has a genuine desire to help others lead happier, healthier and more peaceful lives, and her work reflects this aspiration.

You can experience her beautiful voice in our free guided meditation download -The Blissful Mind Meditation.

As the author and narrator of numerous guided meditations, Susanne is well known for her soothing voice. A serene and spiritually evolved individual, Susanne has practiced formal meditation for more than 20 years and as a result, her voice is naturally imbued with a rare sense of sincerity and peacefulness.

The author of numerous articles on the science of sound, Dr. Clarke regularly works with meditation teachers, holistic healers, hypnotherapists and personal development consultants to help them produce and distribute their guided audio productions.

As a meditation
music composer, Christopher is well versed in the scientific principles
of psychoacoustics and music psychology, and he applies these
principles whenever he writes music for meditation, hypnosis and deep
relaxation. A long-time meditator himself, he combines the artistry and
science of music composition with his own unique insights into
relaxation states.

"While I am composing, I enter into a state of
deep relaxation. I feel my way through the music as I search for sounds
that draw me into a deeper and deeper state. It’s a wonderful,
intuitive process – a process that I have cultivated through years of
meditation practice."

spireaudio.com.au

Spire Audio – Music composition, guided meditations, sound healingParent company of The Guided Meditation Site.

Spire Audio is an audio production company, specializing in relaxing music composition and personal growth media.

enlightenedaudio.com

Enlightened Audio | Royalty Free MusicPersons wishing to use the music productions on this site in their own guided meditations can do so by purchasing music with a royalty free license fromEnlightenedAudio.com.

Learn how to meditate

Listen to Meditation Music

Explore Guided Meditations

Free guided meditation download

Explore the various types of meditation

Want to create a guided meditation? Start here...

Real people tell their stories of how meditation benefited their lives

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.