Title: Angelic Music
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/angelic-music.html
Words: 543
---

Exquisitely beautiful music with emotional depth and an uplifting, spiritual feel. Our angel music will help you deepen your connection to the spiritual guides that support you in your life.

This music is divinely inspired, a musical blessing from above. With its gentle, soothing tones and its angelic air, it is perfect for a spiritual meditation experience. It is so deeply relaxing, feeling peaceful becomes effortless. When you let go and allow the music to carry you away, you can easily imagine being in an angelic presence...More information...

Gabriel's Song is a wonderful spiritual journey, overflowing with love and light. It is serene and deeply moving, a dedication to Archangel Gabriel. This music forms a bridge between you and your angels, a conduit for angelic communication.More information...

This soothing, heavenly music will open your heart and help you to bridge the gap between your earthly self and your spiritual self - it's all about connecting with the highest aspects of your being. Inspiring spiritual music for meditation, relaxation and emotional balancing.More information...

So beautiful. So inspiring. Heaven's Gate will open your heart and fill you with a sense of serenity and spirit. This music is calming and uplifting, and it has been known to bring a tear to the eye of some listeners.More information...

Go on, close your eyes and listen to the entire 3 minute sample and experience this euphoric meditation music for yourself. Ascension will uplift you to an elevated state of consciousness whilst relaxing you to your core.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for an enhanced meditation experience.More information...

This sublime music will take your breath away. Ethereal soundscapes bloom into choral crescendos...before receding into soft, celestial passages that envelop the mind and open the heart.More information...

Awaken your mind, open your heart and connect with the spiritual master within. This dreamy meditation music will take you there.More information...

Like a shower of cleansing light this music will purify you, calm you and inspire you all at once. This beautiful music is soothing, but it also has an aliveness to it . . . a subtle energy that is both hypnotic and refreshing.More information...

Become weightless, light hearted and without a care in the world with this soothing, celestial soundscape that is wonderful for meditation, space clearing, or for when you just want to lighten the mood of your day.More information...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.