Title: Binaural Music
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/binaural-music.html
Words: 1140
---

Our binaural meditation music will take you deeper
than traditional meditation music. In fact, this music will literally
guide your mind into a state of deep relaxation by gently entraining
your brainwave activity withbinaural beats.

These long-playing music productions are absolutely ideal for enhancing meditation or encouraging deep sleep. You won't hear any vocal performances or extravagant instrumentation - there's nothing here that could ever jolt you out of a state of deep meditation or wake you while you are sleeping.

Got questions about binaural music? Check out ourbinaural audio tips and faq's here.These recordings contain binaural beats and are best experienced with headphones.

Delightfully pure and serene, The Temple Gardens Volume 2 opens with nature sounds, wind chimes, contemplative flute phrases and softly bowed crystal singing bowls. As time goes by, the instrumentation fades away, leaving only the calming sound of a forest stream and wind chimes.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Whalesong Serenade is an enriching musical experience that features the majestic, soulful song of humpback whales and the soothing sound of ocean waves. The music is very spacious, uncluttered and slow in tempo.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.

More information & previews...

Delicate, twinkling chimes and angelic voices, Ethera is true musical serenity. It effortlessly permeates and dispels negative energies, bringing light and grace to where it is most needed. Deeply soothing and relaxing.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information & previews...

Go on, close your eyes and listen to the entire 3 minute sample and experience this euphoric meditation music for yourself. Ascension will uplift you to an elevated state of consciousness whilst relaxing you to your core.More information...

This music is very, very gentle. You'll hear no chimes, no pianos or extravagant instrumentation, no unexpected changes in volume or tempo; just a soothing musical experience that leads to effortless meditation.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Mystic Dawn is an enchanting composition that lulls you into an effortless state of deep relaxation. With its dreamy vibe this music is comforting and nurturing, a musical embrace for the soul.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Let go now...feel yourself sinking into a state of complete relaxation as these gentle sounds sooth your heart and mind. Letting Go is a heartwarming, yet powerful musical experience that is quite difficult to resist. Let go and enjoy the bliss for yourself.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Crystal Rain is a musical work of extraordinary peacefulness and purity. This therapeutic music is a perfect complement to meditation. It is wonderful for energy cleansing and is highly recommended for anyone suffering from anxiety or depression. Bring a little peace into your day with this hauntingly beautiful composition by Christopher Lloyd Clarke.More information...

This auspicious mantra has been used for deep meditation throughout the ages. Now we have combined this classic sound with binaural beats to create a sonic landscape that is powerfully meditative.More information...

Heaven and Earth is like a massage for the mind. This enveloping music will take you on a journey deep within yourself – releasing stress, soothing your nervous system and balancing your emotions.More information...

Constellation is a unique meditation music composition that consists of sculpted white noise sounds blended with Tibetan singing bowls, celestial choirs and pure bells. Fantastic for achieving deep transcendent states of consciousness. For the best experience, please listen quietly with headphones.More information...

Like the true nature of your mind, Untold Depths is vast, unlimited and beyond description. This soothing, imaginative music will be deeply satisfying to anyone who wishes to enjoy a truly profound meditative journey.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Deep in the forest, hidden from the world, a Zen master rests quietly in the gardens that encircle an ancient temple. His eyes closed, he plays a wooden flute as wind chimes sway gently in the breeze. The Temple Gardens captures the feeling of this magical place.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Enlighten Me was inspired by the monastic life of Zen masters. It’s a tribute to those rare enlightened beings that spend their days in deep meditation and wandering the candle-lit halls of some far away temple. Awaken your mind, open your heart and connect with the spiritual master within. This dreamy meditation music will take you there.More information...

There is no "fat" in this music. No excess. Just the pure essentials...swirling white noise, the hypnotic drone of the binaural beats, and a gentle wandering melody that was created with a bowed glass instrument. This intoxicating combination of sounds will relax you to your core.More information...

White noise has long been revered as a fantastic sound for inducing states of deep relaxation and sleep. We've taken the concept of white noise a big step forward by adding binaural frequencies and swirling the white noise so as to create an intoxicating combination of sounds. Listen quietly for a sublime experience.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Binaural frequencies blended with the sound of ocean waves lapping gently and rolling onto the shore. A long time favourite for lovers of nature sounds, and a fantastic alternative to traditional white noise recordings. Seriously relaxing stuff!Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Binaural frequencies blended with the sound of a gentle breeze rustling through nearby trees and grasses. Simple, soothing and a great way to drown out the chatterbox in your mind. If you find typical white noise recordings a bit too overwhelming, then you will find that Soothing Winds will give you a much softer, more gentle listening experience.Also available with delta frequency binaural beats for deep sleep.More information...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

Guided meditation downloadsProfoundly relaxing binaural music for sleepLearn more about how binaural music worksBinaural meditation music tips and FAQ'sFree binaural beats audio downloads

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.