Title: Brainwave Entrainment
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/brainwave-entrainment.html
Words: 1362
---

Brainwave Entrainment is a safe and powerful method of calming the activity in your mind so that you can achieve a state of complete relaxation and mental clarity. It is an extremely effective way of training the mind to enter a state of deep meditation or sleep without years and years of practice.

By listening to specially prepared sounds known asbinaural beats, your mind will gradually adjust its natural rhythms, helping you to become serene and clear minded. It really is that simple.

Binaural beats are a scientifically proven technology for achieving profound relaxation and they can improve your overall health by dramatically reducing the effects of stress in your life.

Think about it for a moment...your mind is at work all day, every day. Every decision you make, every challenge that you face, every moment you go through in life, your mind is your constant companion, and it can be your best friend or your worst enemy. Your mind is something you need to take good care of, because your quality of life is directly related to your "quality of mind".

Change the frequency of your mindand go deeper, faster, easier...

Wouldn’t it be a blessing if you could find a way to move through each day with a greater sense of peace and harmony, with heightened creativity and intuition, with a sharper intellect and a more positive outlook? For many people today, the deep, effortless meditation that brainwave entrainment provides is the key to a more fulfilling, peaceful and successful life.Listening to brainwave entrainment music will provide you with thebenefits of a formal meditationpractice. It will improve your mental clarity, your creativity and your ability to learn and to concentrate. It will bring you peace of mind and emotional stability. It is also one of the most powerful natural ways tocure insomniaand can dramatically improve the quality of your sleep.

You have probably already heard of the word “brainwaves” and you may already know that brainwaves can be measured with a machine called an electroencephalograph (EEG). An EEG measures the amount of activity in your brain and that activity is measured as a frequency.

The frequency of your brain activity will vary depending on your mental state. For example, if you are feeling very alert or busy minded, then your brain’s dominant frequency will be faster than if you are feeling relaxed.

Brain activity is normally categorized into the following four major groups, each corresponding to a different frequency.

Beta brain waves- 12 Hz to 30 Hz

Alpha brain waves- 8 Hz to 12 Hz

Theta brain waves- 4 Hz to 7 Hz

Delta brain waves- 0.1 Hz to 4 Hz

Note that the Hz symbol above is the abbreviation for “Hertz” or “cycles per second”. It is a measure of frequency.

Sound can be used to change the frequency of your brain activity. Just as brainwaves are measured in Hertz, so too are the frequencies of sound, and we can use sound, in the form of binaural beats, to train your brain to enter a state of deep meditation. This is known as brainwave entrainment.

Consider the following analogy. Imagine a ballroom full of people dancing together. When the music changes to a faster tempo, the dancers move faster in response to this. When a slower piece of music is played, the dancers’ rhythm slows down as well. In a similar way, the frequency of your brain will change in response to the frequency of the binaural beat that it is exposed to. For example, a person who is in a state of very deep meditation may have a dominant brainwave frequency of 5 hertz, so by listening to a binaural beat with a frequency of 5 hertz you can entrain your own brainwaves to a similar state.

If you happen to be someone who already knows about the physics of sound, then you’ll know that frequencies of 20 hertz or less cannot be heard by the human ear. So how on earth can we use sound to create frequencies as low as 0.1 hertz, and how will you be able to hear them? This is where the “magic” of binaural beats comes into action. Actually, it’s not magic at all...it’s more physics! If you are feeling a bit adventurous, then click on the following link to find out howbinaural frequenciesare created.

By listening to sounds that contain binaural beats, you can effortlessly experience the benefits of meditation. This type of meditation is often called "binaural meditation".

Most people find binaural meditation music to be extremely relaxing from the very first time they listen to it, and over time the experience just becomes deeper and deeper.

Binaural meditation is the most effective way to take advantage of brainwave entrainment technology and it really is a fantastic way to enjoy the benefits of meditation.

People who are new to meditation sometimes complain that they find it too difficult to silence their thoughts. This is perfectly normal and in fact, if you are new to meditation you should not expect to achieve absolute mental silence in the next day or two. Even the most experience meditators still have their good days and bad days when it comes to meditation and a certain amount of mental activity during meditation is quite normal.

However, by listening tobinaural musicyou can dramatically accelerate your progress with meditation, and achieve a far deeper, more relaxing state of mind than you would by practicing traditional meditation techniques. In fact, almost everyone discovers that uses binaural meditation music finds that they go deeper into meditation, faster, and with less concerted effort.

The beauty of binaural meditation music is that it works on two levels. First of all, the music itself gives your mind something soothing to occupy itself with so that you are less inclined to continue mulling over troublesome thoughts.

Secondly, the binaural beats that are blended with the music have a direct effect on your brain activity, gradually slowing the activity of the mind and literally guiding you into a state of deep meditation.

Even if you are an experienced meditator you will achieve even greater depth and stillness in your meditation by complementing your practice with the use of binaural meditation music.

The same principles also apply to people who want to improve the quality of their sleep, or cure insomnia naturally. By listening tosleep musicthat contains delta frequencies (the same frequencies that are present during deep sleep), you can literally guide your brainwave activity into the sleep state.

Binaural meditation music is VERY popular these days, and you might have noticed that some of the companies that sell binaural music products make rather spectacular claims about the benefits of brainwave entrainment technology. Some declare that they can make you “meditate like a Zen monk at the touch of a button”, or that you will “instantly meditate like the greatest gurus”. While it is true that binaural meditation music is extremely powerful, and that it can genuinely improve the quality of your life, it is not a miracle solution or a spiritual “get rich quick” scheme. Like all things in life, positive and lasting results will still take just a little time and effort on your part. Binaural meditation music just accelerates and deepens to process.

Is peace of mind important to you?Do you need to relax and unwind?Are you ready for total relaxation and inner stillness?Follow the link below to experience the amazing power of binaural meditation music.

Change the frequency of your mindand go deeper, faster, easier...

Download Binaural Meditation MP3'sSuper relaxing sleep music with binaural beatsGot questions about binaural beats and binaural meditation?Listen to relaxing meditation musicDownload Positive Affirmations With Binaural Beats

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.