Title: Browse Music Types
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/meditation-music.html
Words: 831
---

Our sublime collection of meditation music downloads will clear your mind, open your heart and bring a big smile to your face!

Music For MeditationOur meditation music features soothing long-play tracks with a consistent musical theme - perfect for when you want to complement your meditation with beautiful, relaxing music that won't change suddenly while you are deeply relaxed.

Binaural MusicBinaural meditation music can help to draw you into a deeper state of meditation than traditional music. In fact, binaural music literally guides your mind into a deep meditative state by gently entraining your brainwave activity with theta level binaural beats. Profoundly relaxing. Powerfully meditative.

Sleep MusicMusic can be a powerful tool for encouraging states of deep relaxation and sleep. Music gives your busy mind something to become absorbed in, so that it can do what it should do naturally - slip into a state of deep sleep. We encourage this process by embedding delta frequencies within the music to create some of the world's most effective and enjoyable music to sleep to.

Chakra MusicOur inspiring chakra music collection will awaken, purify and enliven the energy centers of your body, whilst relaxing you from head to toe. This beautiful music is great for chakra meditations, and can be enjoyed anytime you wish to relax, open your heart and clear your mind.

White Noise DownloadsWhite noise is an incredibly effective sound-source for enhancing meditation and encouraging deep states of consciousness. White noise can be sculpted and then combined with music to create sounds that are deeply hypnotic and profoundly relaxing.

Mindfulness BellsThe calming sound of a mindfulness bell makes a wonderful focal point for meditation. Simply absorb your attention in the sound of the bell. No mantra is required, no special breathing techniques are needed, just let your awareness be consumed by the sound of the bell and slip into silence.

Music is a harmonic connection between all living beings.~ Robin Williams in the Movie 'August Rush' ~After silence, that which comes nearestto expressing the inexpressible is music.~ Aldous Huxley ~

Music is a harmonic connection between all living beings.~ Robin Williams in the Movie 'August Rush' ~

After silence, that which comes nearestto expressing the inexpressible is music.~ Aldous Huxley ~

Did you know that there is a big difference between typical "relaxing new age music" anddeep meditation music?

I love listening to music while I meditate, but as I mentioned in this article onusing music for meditation, some types of new age music might be great for unwinding and relaxing, but are not always the best choice if you want to become very still and experience a state of truly deep meditation.

Much of the music that is available at the Guided Meditation site has been created usingspecial techniquesthat encourage your mind to relax and become still while you enter into a state of deep meditation.

In particular, ourSonic Mantra Meditation Musicis very good for entering deep, trance like states.

Also, ourbinaural meditation musiccan be an extremely effective tool for enhancing meditation, as it plays an active role in guided the activity of your mind into a more relaxed, focussed state.

For some deeper insight into how to get the most out of your meditation music, take a moment to review the tips in this article onusing music for meditation.

Of course, you can listen torelaxing meditation musiceven when you are not meditating. Ambient music is the perfect antidote to the noise and calamity of our modern world. Think about how much noise we are exposed to in our daily lives...TV and radio follow us wherever we go and the noise of traffic and industry surrounds many of us on all sides.

Take some time out to change the frequency of your life by listening to some relaxing music. Even if you don't practice formal meditation, listening to soothing music like this can be a fantastic way to de-stress and unwind. It's also a very simple and most natural treatment for insomnia.

Let the sound of music take the place of the chatterbox in your mind and let your worries float away...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.