Title: Chakra Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-chakra-meditation.html
Words: 831
---

Chakra meditations are a great way to eliminate blockages and to restore yourself to a state of complete holistic health - physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually.

Our guided chakra meditation downloads are designed to help you balance and cleanse the energy centers of your body.When your chakras are out of balance, their energy flow may become blocked or diminished. These types of blockages may affect you in many ways. They may affect your energy levels and your mood, they may result in a feeling of disconnectedness from your higher self, and they may also affect the physical functioning of your body.

Love your physical body. Feel safe and supported. Establish healthy personal boundaries. Believe that you deserve an abundant life. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced root chakra. Enjoy soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your root chakra and build a strong foundation for a happier, more peaceful and empowered life. Strong & Supported is the sixth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

This deeply relaxing guided chakra meditation was created to clear, re-energise and balance the seven main chakras in your body. Using powerful energy channeling visualisations, this meditation will help you increase your energy and provide gentle healing on the deepest level. Blissful Balance is the fifth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

This guided chakra meditation uses creative visualisation, affirmations and subtle energy awareness to promote relaxation and deep healing. It's a very gentle and calming chakra meditation - one that will leave you feeling centered, calm and whole.More information...

This inspiring meditation experience uses soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you connect with your higher self and open up to the voice of your spirit. Featuring the lovely voice of Susanne Kempken, Connecting To Spirit is deliciously relaxing and it's bound to make your heart sing. This is the first album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne.More information...

A vivid imagination. Deep intuitive perception. The ability to focus and to visualize with clarity. A mindful awareness of the present moment. Mental stillness. These are just some of the qualities of a powerful mind. Enjoy tranquil music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your third eye chakra and develop the power of your mind. A Powerful Mind is the second album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Become an excellent communicator. Be a great listener, one that is appreciated by others. Get that powerful voice to bravely ask for what you want. Be heard. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced throat chakra. Enjoy deeply relaxing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your throat chakra and strengthen your natural ability to express yourself fearlessly and with love. Express Yourself With Love And Confidence is the third album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Open your heart. Be kind and loving. Find that part within yourself that is able to love unconditionally. Be compassionate and forgiving. Form healthy relationships that bring you happiness and joy. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced heart chakra. Enjoy heart warming music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your heart chakra and open you to the most powerful force in the world - love. Living From The Heart is the fourth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

To be released 2024...

To be released 2024...

This Chakra Meditation Bundle includes the first four chakra meditation releases by Susanne Kempken. These inspirational meditations will carry you into a deeply relaxed state, while healing, empowering and balancing your chakras. You can use these meditations to bliss out while you fall asleep, or during a more formal sitting meditation.More information & previews...

This collection of seven soothing tracks will awaken, purify and enliven the energy centers of your body. This beautiful music was composed for chakra meditations, but of course you can listen to it any time you feel the desire to relax, open your heart and clear your mind.Click here for more info and to listen to more previews...

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.