Title: Coastal Path Meditation
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/coastal-path-meditation.html
Words: 457
---

COASTAL PATH MEDITATIONI am going to take you on a journey to a place that you have never been to before. It is a beautiful location that is new to you. I want you to imagine yourself on a coastal path. It is a hot, sunny day and you are walking along the rough, uneven, dirt path along the headland with the sea on your right.The hedgerow on your left is alive with birds singing. The grass is tall and is alive with the chirruping of crickets. A ladybird flies past and briefly lands on your arm before flying off onto one of the daisies and the many wild flowers that are growing in the meadow.As you slowly walk along the now grassy path, you see before you a field of tall, pink foxgloves. The air is heady with the sweet scent of the flowers all around you.High above you, a skylark is singing, dropping his silvery chain of song. You are totally at peace with yourself and the world.Feel the heat from the sun’s rays.Look to your right, where, out at sea, the horizon is hazy from the heat. The sea is calm with silvery flashes on the waves as the sun makes the water sparkle. Continue to follow the path.In the distance you see a wooden stile in the middle of a hedge dividing the field. The sun is beating down strongly and the sun is in your eyes making it difficult for you to make out detail of the stile. You screw your eyes up against the sun and, as you approach the stile, you realise that there is a figure sitting on the stile. Go and join the figure who is waiting to communicate with you, and sit awhile……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………It is now time for your loving companion to leave you. Say goodbye and thank them for their visit to you. Turn around and retrace your steps across the flower meadow, back along the grassy cliff top path and follow the path back to where you started your journey.Now you are gently returning your consciousness to the room again. Take a few deep breaths, wriggle your fingers and toes and open your eyes when you are ready.

Click here to post comments

Return to Guided Meditation Scripts.

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.