Title: Freebies
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/free-online-meditation.html
Words: 544
---

The Guided Meditation Site has a wide range of free online meditation resources to offer. This page was created to help you quickly find what you are looking for.

Free Guided Meditation DownloadFollow this link to download a free guided meditation. This 20 minute guided meditation is easy to follow and yes, it really is 100% free. It includes soothing music and carefully crafted guided visualizations to help you relax and ease into a state of deep meditation.Free Guided Imagery RelaxationsYou've really got to try these! Just sit back and relax while you allow images and sounds to captivate your awareness and transport you to a place of inner calm. We've called these relaxations "guided imagery exercises", but they are so easy and relaxing that you can hardly call them exercises!

If you would like to try a free guided imagery meditation, thenclick here to download the blissful mind meditation.

This free 20 minute guided meditation is yours to keep.

It's super relaxing, easy to follow and it will allow you to start enjoying the benefits of meditation right away.

How to MeditatePlease visit this page if you are interested in learning how to meditate for free. This section of the Guided Meditation Site is dedicated to teaching traditional meditation techniques so that you will be able to develop the ability to achieve mental and emotional stillness without the ongoing help of a guide. Whether you are looking for a meditation quick start guide, or for more comprehensive instructions, you’ll find everything you are looking for right here.

Free Meditation MusicJust to say "thank you" for visiting The Guided Meditation Site, please visit this page and download some free meditation music. This free relaxation music is yours to keep and enjoy any time you feel the need to relax, unwind and become still.

Free Guided Meditation ScriptsWhether you are a meditation teacher who is looking for a little inspiration, or someone who just enjoys reading a guided meditation, these free guided meditation scripts are yours to enjoy in your own time, at your own pace. You can download them for free from this page.

Free Meditation TimersWant some great tools that will help you to stick with your meditation for the full duration, without having to keep one eye on your clock? These freeonline meditation timerswill be of great assistance (and they sound really nice too!)

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.