Title: Gently Down The Stream
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/gently-down-the-stream.html
Words: 540
---

by Shirley Moy(Belleville, Ontario Canada)

Get in a relaxed position. If you are seated have your feet flat on the floor and hands up to the universe on you lap. Let the "whie light" start at your toes going up your calves, to you thighs and to your hips - swirling and healing as it goes. Let it go up to your tummy and chest then to your shoulders allowing them to drop down. This "whie light" will go right to your finger tips and then back up to your shoulders. You feel it move to your throat and then up to your third eye, opening it up . Then it will go to your crown and shower all around you. Take a look at this beautiful light!There is a path in front of you. A beautiful path! It's a beautiful day. You can feel the warmth of the sun and a gentle breeze. The path leads you into the forest. You feel the coolness as you enter and can hear the birds welcoming you. You can smell the earth beneath your feet and you can hear any small twigs breaking as you walk along. The sun is filtering through the beautiful shimmering leaves. There is the sound of water off in the distance. As you get closer to it you know that you have been here before. It is a river with a canoe at its water edge waiting for you. As you step into it, you can feel the water holding it. You get comfortable and take a paddle. As you dip the paddle into the water you can see the rings.going out from it. Listen to the water lapping up to the canoe and the dripping from the paddle. Take a look at the shore and notice how peaceful it is, ate there any animals at the waters edge or are there any birds flying above you. Take a moment and enjoy. Use all your senses.If you are tired, just lie in the bottom and enjoy the gentleness of this river. Feel the gentle movement and listen to the sounds.This canoe brings you to a path that you can carry on. As you are getting out, there is someone putting his hand out to you. Take his hand. You know him or her. Walk along with them and open up your heart . Listen to what they have to say. It might be just one word... You will know what it means. Thank them.This path takes you back through the forest and back to where you started. When you are ready, wiggle your fingers and toes and then come back.

Click here to add your own comments

Click here to add your own comments

Return to Guided Meditation Scripts.

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.