Title: Guided Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-meditation-downloads.html
Words: 1473
---

High quality MP3 audio. Instant download.

This guided meditation download has been created to help you de-stress, relax, and achieve a state of blissful, meditative stillness. During this meditation, you will be gently guided through a series of effortless visualizations that lead you to a tropical island where you rest in a pool of pure, still water.More information...

Love your physical body. Feel safe and supported. Establish healthy personal boundaries. Believe that you deserve an abundant life. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced root chakra. Enjoy soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your root chakra and build a strong foundation for a happier, more peaceful and empowered life. Strong & Supported is the sixth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Release yourself from your everyday concerns and become carefree again! This guided imagery meditation will guide you into a state of deep relaxation and expanded awareness...to a place where you can reclaim a happier, clearer outlook on life.More information...

This deeply relaxing guided chakra meditation was created to clear, re-energise and balance the seven main chakras in your body. Using powerful energy channeling visualisations, this meditation will help you increase your energy and provide gentle healing on the deepest level. Blissful Balance is the fifth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Learn how to meditate at home with our most comprehensive guided meditation course. This relaxing audio download will teach you how to meditate using a modern approach that will appeal to both the complete beginner and seasoned practitioner. The language is down-to-earth and the exercises are easy to follow.More information...

Feeling Loved is a guided imagery meditation that will take you on a wonderful journey to encourage and strengthen self-love and self-worth in a simple, feel good way. It will leave you feeling deeply relaxed and loved. There is only one you and you are a unique and lovable individual . . . it's time to remind yourself of that. So give yourself some love, you deserve it!More information...

We all have an entourage of spiritual helpers that wish to guide us along our path in this life. These relaxing meditations will help you connect with their guidance and their loving support, releasing you from fear and providing you with valuable insights.More information and previews...

This uplifting guided meditation download has been designed to help you feel really good in yourself and about yourself. Set to soothing music, these four meditations gently induce feel-good sensations and help you to develop thenatural abilityto feel good more often.More information...

This progressive muscle relaxation is a wonderful guided relaxation for releasing stress. Not only does it relax the muscles, it also helps to reduce all the physical symptoms of stress. It will help to balance your blood pressure and heart rate, it will oxygenate your entire body, and it will bring you an overall sense of relief and deep rest.More information...

These touching meditations are for people who want to make love and freedom a priority in their lives. They are for anyone and everyone who feels an intuitive urge to break free from fear and start living more fully from their heart.More information & previews...

'Feeling Safe' is a guided imagery meditation that will take you on a powerful journey to help you release your fears and improve your confidence. It’s a great meditation for helping to alleviate anxiety. It uses guided relaxation to help soothe you, as well as symbolic visualizations to instill a deeper message of calm inner strength. This album also includes a short meditation that you can use any time of day, even during your lunch break.More information...

'Relaxation' is the first guided meditation album in the Compassionate Mindfulness series by Linda Hall. It includes three deeply soothing guided meditations to promote deep relaxation and wellbeing. You will learn how mindfulness and self-compassion make a profound difference to peace of body and mind. The additional day-to-day mindfulness exercises will teach you how to relax your mind and body in simple steps that you can easily apply to everyday living.More information...

A vivid imagination. Deep intuitive perception. The ability to focus and to visualize with clarity. A mindful awareness of the present moment. Mental stillness. These are just some of the qualities of a powerful mind. Enjoy tranquil music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your third eye chakra and develop the power of your mind. A Powerful Mind is the second album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Become an excellent communicator. Be a great listener, one that is appreciated by others. Get that powerful voice to bravely ask for what you want. Be heard. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced throat chakra. Enjoy deeply relaxing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your throat chakra and strengthen your natural ability to express yourself fearlessly and with love. Express Yourself With Love And Confidence is the third album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Open your heart. Be kind and loving. Find that part within yourself that is able to love unconditionally. Be compassionate and forgiving. Form healthy relationships that bring you happiness and joy. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced heart chakra. Enjoy heart warming music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your heart chakra and open you to the most powerful force in the world - love. Living From The Heart is the fourth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

This inspiring meditation experience uses soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you connect with your higher self and open up to the voice of your spirit. Featuring the lovely voice of Susanne Kempken, Connecting To Spirit is deliciously relaxing and it's bound to make your heart sing. This is the first album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne.More information...

This Chakra Meditation Bundle includes the first four chakra meditation releases by Susanne Kempken. These inspirational meditations will carry you into a deeply relaxed state, while healing, empowering and balancing your chakras. You can use these meditations to bliss out while you fall asleep, or during a more formal sitting meditation.More information & previews...

A great selection of meditations that help to eliminate stress on all three levels - emotional, mental and physical. The Ultimate Stress Relief Download also includes a rapid relaxation MP3 for people on the go, and 4 wonderful meditation music albums to soothe you at any time of day.More information & previews...

This deeply relaxing meditation bundle includes a special selection of guided meditations and meditation music to soothe and nurture the inner you. These meditations will help you to open your heart and strengthen your innermost self, so that you can step out into the world feeling confident, safe and calm. Enjoy a deeply relaxed body, a quiet mind and a peaceful inner self. This meditation bundle is a great way to care for the inner you.More information & previews...

Listening to a voice guided meditation really is the easiest and most enjoyable way to experience thebenefits of meditation. In fact, even if you have never meditated before, you will find that by listening to your guide you will be swiftly transported into a state of stillness, peace and tranquility."Meditation is the art of letting go...an art that many people find difficult to master. But even if you are someone who finds it extremely difficult to let go of thoughts, you will quickly achieve inner stillness and peace of mind when you put yourself in the hands of a great guided meditation download."

You do not need to have any previous experience with meditation.You don't need to sit in an unusual position.You don't need to go to any classes.

All you need are your ears, and a place to sit quietly, while you listen to beautiful music and are guided to a place of blissful, inner serenity.

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.