Title: Guided Imagery Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-imagery-relaxation.html
Words: 543
---

Guided imagery relaxation is probably one of the most entertaining and enjoyable ways to experience a state of deep relaxation. It's also one of the most effective too. Guided imagery, sometimes known as "guided visualization", is a safe and powerful relaxation technique that is very popular nowadays. It's effortless, utterly relaxing, and just a little bit fun!

This guided meditation download has been created to help you de-stress, relax, and achieve a state of blissful, meditative stillness. During this meditation, you will be gently guided through a series of effortless visualizations that lead you to a tropical island where you rest in a pool of pure, still water.More information...

Release yourself from your everyday concerns and become carefree again! This guided imagery meditation will guide you into a state of deep relaxation and expanded awareness...to a place where you can reclaim a happier, clearer outlook on life.More information...

Feeling Loved is a guided imagery meditation that will take you on a wonderful journey to encourage and strengthen self-love and self-worth in a simple, feel good way. It will leave you feeling deeply relaxed and loved. There is only one you and you are a unique and lovable individual . . . it's time to remind yourself of that. So give yourself some love, you deserve it!More information...

'Feeling Safe' is a guided imagery meditation that will take you on a powerful journey to help you release your fears and improve your confidence. It’s a great meditation for helping to alleviate anxiety. It uses guided relaxation to help soothe you, as well as symbolic visualizations to instill a deeper message of calm inner strength. This album also includes a short meditation that you can use any time of day, even during your lunch break.More information...

This deeply relaxing guided chakra meditation was created to clear, re-energise and balance the seven main chakras in your body. Using powerful energy channeling visualisations, this meditation will help you increase your energy and provide gentle healing on the deepest level. Blissful Balance is the fifth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

The deeply relaxing meditations on this beautiful album are spirit-inspired. The visualizations, guided imagery and affirmations are designed to help you attract that special person into your life, while simultaneously relaxing you from head to toe.More information...

These guided imagery meditations are wonderfully relaxing. Allow yourself to be swept away to spend some time at the beach. Let go of your daily concerns, unwind and relax. Give your mind a mini holiday and your body some well deserved time to recharge.More information & previews...

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.