Title: Guided Imagery
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-imagery.html
Words: 939
---

Guided imagery, sometimes known as "guided visualization", is a safe and powerful technique that can be used for healing, stress relief and personal development. Imagery is incredibly simple to use. All you need to do is listen to your guide while they lead you through a series of relaxing visualizations. When used correctly, these visualizations are so vivid that they actually bring about measurable positive changes in both your body and mind.Guided visualizations are usually tailored to help you accomplish specific goals, from sporting achievements to physical healing, to personal transformation, or deep relaxation...whatever your goal may be.

In our modern era, guided visualization and guided meditation is used in many ways, fromtherapeutic treatmentthat enhances healing, for deep relaxation, for experiencing a deeper spiritual connection, for accessing the subconscious mind or for unleashing one’s full potential. Almost any aspect of one’s life can be improved by the use of positive imagery.

You can try out somefree guided imagery exercises here.You can learn more aboutguided imagery therapy here.You can get to know more aboutguided imagery meditation here.You can downloadguided imagery relaxations here.You can learn about usingguided imagery for groups here.You can downloadfree guided imagery scripts here.

Or keep reading this inspiring article to get the full inside story on how guided imagery works...

Release yourself from your everyday concerns and become carefree again!This guided imagery meditation will guide you into a state of deep relaxation to a place where you can reclaim a happier, clearer outlook on life.Click here for more information...

Your mind is your most powerful tool for achieving relaxation and promoting positive changes in attitude, your perspective, or your feelings. Imagery is the language that your mind uses to communicate with your body. When you picture stressful or negative events in your mind, your body will react to those ideas and you will feel stressed. If you imagine relaxing and loving experiences, your body will respond by loosening up and releasing chemicals that make you feel more positive.

Imagine for a moment that you are biting intothe sourest lemon you can imagine. You bite straightthrough the tough yellow skin and into the flesh.Lemon juice pours out over your tongue...

Most people begin to salivate when they imagine this sensation. You literally have a physical reaction to the imagery.

Here’s another great example. Imagine the sound of fingernails being dragged down a chalkboard (sorry to do that to you, but I’m trying to make a point here). Bringing this to mind for just one second is enough to make most people cringe. These two simple examples reveal how mental imagery can affect you on both an emotional and physical level.

If quick visualization exercises like these can bring about physical changes so easily, imagine how much you can benefit from say, a 30 minuteguided imagery meditation, in which you listen to relaxing music and are guided to vividly experience pleasurable and positive experiences!

"The mind is everything.What you think you become."Buddha

"What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve"Napoleon Hill

We are all constantly conjuring up images in our minds. Heck, just the simple act of daydreaming is a form of visualization. However, casual mental wanderings like this are not nearly as powerful as focussed, goal specific guided imagery. Most of our daily mental activity is fairly undirected, and most of us do not focus on one idea for long enough for it to become ingrained and embodied. Guided imagery takes the natural experience of visualization further, by guiding the images in your mind towards specific life enhancing goals.The consistent use of positive imagery leads to far deeper changes than common daydreaming does...changes that can result in real healing, and real improvements in your quality of life.

"You can bring into your life more power,more wealth, more health, more happiness,andmore joy by learning to contact and releasethe hidden power of your subconscious mind."

Dr. Joseph Murphy

Unfortunately, many of us inadvertently use our minds to conjure up negative images. So much of our day is consumed with worrying about the future, or by mentally re-living uncomfortable events that are already in the past. Just as positive imagery can lead to positive results, negative imagery can lead to negative results such as increased stress levels, increased blood pressure, insomnia, a weakened immune system...the list goes on. This is why it is so important that you find time to introduce positive imagery into your life.

By putting just a little time aside to experience a guided visualization, you can eliminate the effects of stress and negative thinking, improve your health, and boost your quality of life in many ways.Want to try guided imagery meditation for yourself?Click here to download a free guided meditation now.

This article is copyright protected, however you may republish it online or in print media provided that you include the following credit, including the active link:

Article by Christopher Lloyd Clarke fromwww.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com.

Learn how to meditate

Listen to Meditation Music

Explore Guided Meditations

Free guided meditation download

Explore the various types of meditation

Want to create a guided meditation? Start here...

Real people tell their stories of how meditation benefited their lives

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.