Title: Guided Meditation Videos
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/meditation-videos.html
Words: 535
---

This is a quick morning meditation that will relax you and give you a boost of positive energy. It's a fantastic way to start your day with a smile on your face. In this short meditation you will use some basic breathing exercises, simple visualizations and positive affirmations to bring about a calm and happy mindset.

More information...

This is a quick meditation that will relax you and give you a boost of confidence whenever you need it. It's an enjoyable way to ease tension or nervousness during times when you feel a little insecure or unsure of yourself. In this short meditation you will use some basic breathing exercises, simple visualizations and positive affirmations to bring about a relaxed and confident mindset.More information...

Love is the essence of life, the essence of happiness and joy. A healthy and balanced heart chakra allows love to flow through you. Open your heart with this deeply relaxing meditation experience that includes powerful positive affirmations against a backdrop of soothing meditation music with theta frequencies.More information...

'Feeling Safe' is a guided imagery meditation that will take you on a powerful journey to help you release your fears and improve your confidence. It’s a great meditation for helping to alleviate anxiety. It uses guided relaxation to help soothe you, as well as symbolic visualizations to instill a deeper message of calm inner strength.More information...

Do you ever find that you are too busy to fit in time for deep relaxation? We'll you're not alone. Many of us are run off our feet these days. If you can find just 8 minutes to spare then you are going to LOVE this guided relaxation. It uses the progressive muscle relaxation technique which is a very easy and enjoyable way to release stress. Not only does it relax the muscles, it will also help to balance your blood pressure and heart rate, it will oxygenate your entire body, and it will bring you a wonderful overall sense of well-being.More information...

The Feeling Safe Short Meditation is the perfect meditation for people, who don't have much time to spare. You can easily use it in your lunch break or whenever you need a quick ‘I am safe; I can do this’ reassurance.More information...

This guided meditation download has been created to help you de-stress, relax, and achieve a state of blissful, meditative stillness. During this meditation, you will be gently guided through a series of effortless visualizations that lead you to a tropical island where you rest in a pool of pure, still water.More information...

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.