Title: Healing Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-healing-meditation.html
Words: 1003
---

As discussed in this article onguided imagery, guided meditations have enormous capacity to bring about healing. In fact, scientific study on the effects of guided imagery has now been undertaken for a wide range of conditions such as cancer, anxiety, wound healing after surgery, depression, memory, congestive heart failure, eating disorders, insomnia, pain management and osteoarthritis.

Set to gentle background music, over an hour of guided meditations using creative visualisation and subtle energy awareness that will take you on a journey of self-healing to deep relaxation, balance and inner calm.More information...

These guided meditations are a great way to re-connect to some of your childhood memories and bring them to the forefront of your mind. The first step towards healing is to recognise that healing is needed. Spend some time paying attention to your inner child and have a listen to what it has to say. It might be an important step towards your happiness.More information & previews...

This deeply relaxing guided chakra meditation was created to clear, re-energise and balance the seven main chakras in your body. Using powerful energy channeling visualisations, this meditation will help you increase your energy and provide gentle healing on the deepest level. Blissful Balance is the fifth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

These touching meditations are for people who want to make love and freedom a priority in their lives. They are for anyone and everyone who feels an intuitive urge to break free from fear and start living more fully from their heart.More information & previews...

Breathing techniques are a proven way to release tension, manage anxiety and restore depleted energy reserves. Learning how to breathe more efficiently can have a profound effect on your mental, emotional and physical health and well-being. The mindfulness meditation breathing exercises in this collection are combined with positive visualization and affirmations to help you feel better in yourself and deal with life’s challenges.More information...

Enjoy over an hour of relaxing meditations connecting you to the natural resources around you and within you. Linda’s soothing voice, supported by gentle background music, guides you to deep levels of grounding, tranquility and inner peace.More information...

In these meditations you will be taken on a special journey into the inner earth where there are massive caverns of crystal formations and healing temples. You will merge your consciousness with the crystal skulls to receive insight, knowledge and healing and you’ll work with your chakras to bring balance to your mind, body and spirit.More information & previews...

Love your physical body. Feel safe and supported. Establish healthy personal boundaries. Believe that you deserve an abundant life. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced root chakra. Enjoy soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your root chakra and build a strong foundation for a happier, more peaceful and empowered life. Strong & Supported is the sixth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

A vivid imagination. Deep intuitive perception. The ability to focus and to visualize with clarity. A mindful awareness of the present moment. Mental stillness. These are just some of the qualities of a powerful mind. Enjoy tranquil music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your third eye chakra and develop the power of your mind. A Powerful Mind is the second album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Open your heart. Be kind and loving. Find that part within yourself that is able to love unconditionally. Be compassionate and forgiving. Form healthy relationships that bring you happiness and joy. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced heart chakra. Enjoy heart warming music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your heart chakra and open you to the most powerful force in the world - love. Living From The Heart is the fourth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Become an excellent communicator. Be a great listener, one that is appreciated by others. Get that powerful voice to bravely ask for what you want. Be heard. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced throat chakra. Enjoy deeply relaxing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your throat chakra and strengthen your natural ability to express yourself fearlessly and with love. Express Yourself With Love And Confidence is the third album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

The use of imagery for relaxation and meditation causes the brain to release natural tranquilizing chemicals, which make guided imagery meditation a wonderful natural method for reducing stress related conditions such as headaches, high blood pressure, pre menstrual stress.

Of course, guided imagery can be used for much more than psycho-physical healing. It is commonly used for deep relaxation, for experiencing a deeper spiritual connection, for accessing the subconscious mind and for unleashing one’s full potential. Almost any aspect of one’s life can be improved by the use of guided meditation. If you'd like to explore other types of guided meditation in addition to these guided meditations for healing, please followthis link.

Guided Meditations for ArthritisThese guided meditations can help to cure arthritis naturally by resolving the underlying psycho-physical causes of arthritis.

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.