Title: Meditation Scripts
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-meditation-script.html
Words: 282
---

If you are looking for meditation scripts to create your own recordings and videos, you will need to buy a meditation script with a royalty free license. This license gives you legal permission to use the script to create your own recordings and videos.

Pleaseclick here to visit our Royalty Free Meditation Scriptspage.

If you are looking for meditation scripts to read aloud to a class or client without recording yourself, pleaseclick here to visit our free guided meditation scriptspage.

Please note:All of our free meditation scripts are for personal use only. You cannot use these scripts to create your own recordings or videos.

If you are looking for meditation scripts to inspire you to write your own script, pleaseclick here to visit our free guided meditation scriptspage.

Please note:If you are looking for inspiration to write your own meditation script, please make sure that you do not directly copy any part of our scripts. It is very important to understand that simply modifying our scripts does not mean that you have created a new script that you own.

Browse our Royalty Free Meditation Scripts

Take a quick tour of ourRoyalty Free Meditation Scripts FAQshere.

Read ourRoyalty Free Meditation ScriptsTerms of Usehere.

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.