Title: Meditation Music
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/music-for-meditation.html
Words: 1288
---

Our beautiful music for meditation has been created with just one goal . . . to help you relax and get in touch with that place of stillness and joy within. Many of our downloads are single, long playing tracks of uninterrupted music which are perfect for enhancing meditation and encouraging deep states of relaxation.

Of course you can also enjoy our music while you are not meditating! Our soothing music can be used for general relaxation, self hypnosis, to cure insomnia, or to keep you calm throughout the day.

We encourage you to close your eyes and listen to some of our previews. You will feel quite different after just 5 minutes!

Delightfully pure and serene, The Temple Gardens Volume 2 opens with nature sounds, wind chimes, contemplative flute phrases and softly bowed crystal singing bowls. As time goes by, the instrumentation fades away, leaving only the calming sound of a forest stream and wind chimes.Also available with binaural beats.More information...

Adrift Volume 2 is an incredibly gentle musical journey that helps to quiet your mind. Deep relaxation is simply unstoppable. The exceedingly slow tempo and dreamy atmosphere lead you away from everyday concerns and into a spacious realm of inner peace.More information...

This music is divinely inspired, a musical blessing from above. With its gentle, soothing tones and its angelic air, it is perfect for a spiritual meditation experience. It is so deeply relaxing, feeling peaceful becomes effortless. When you let go and allow the music to carry you away, you can easily imagine being in an angelic presence...More information...

Whalesong Serenade is an enriching musical experience that features the majestic, soulful song of humpback whales and the soothing sound of ocean waves. The music is very spacious, uncluttered and slow in tempo.Also available with binaural beats.

More information & previews...

Mystic Dawn is an enchanting composition that lulls you into an effortless state of deep relaxation. With its dreamy vibe this music is comforting and nurturing, a musical embrace for the soul. It is also a powerful stress reliever. This is the kind of music you can play for hours on end and just sink into. Magic time.More information...

Floating is sparkling lights, soft sunshine through trees, and pure gentle relaxation. The soothing combination of bells and nature sounds create a gentle, light-filled atmosphere that is perfect for both relaxation and meditation. This lovely piece of music fills your heart with love and light. It's gentle and soft, pure relaxation magic.More information...

Go on, close your eyes and listen to the entire 3 minute sample and experience this euphoric meditation music for yourself. Ascension will uplift you to an elevated state of consciousness whilst relaxing you to your core.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for an enhanced meditation experience.More information...

Gabriel's Song is a wonderful spiritual journey, overflowing with love and light. It is serene and deeply moving, a dedication to Archangel Gabriel. This music forms a bridge between you and your angels, a conduit for angelic communication.More information...

The Shaman will transport you into another world. Let yourself be carried away by truly mesmerizing sounds that lull you into a thoughtless space where there is only sound and rhythm. Thoroughly relaxing. A true meditation music gem.More information...

This collection of seven soothing tracks will awaken, purify and enliven the energy centers of your body. This beautiful music was composed for chakra meditations, but of course you can listen to it any time you feel the desire to relax, open your heart and clear your mind.Click here for more info and to listen to more previews...

Delicate, twinkling chimes and angelic voices, Ethera is true musical serenity. It effortlessly permeates and dispels negative energies, bringing light and grace to where it is most needed. Deeply soothing and relaxing.Also available with binaural beats.More information & previews...

Quietude is food for the soul. It soothes and relaxes you right down to your very core. This beautiful meditation music makes it easy to settle into a serene and content state of mind, an effortless journey into deep relaxation. It also encourages "bio-rhythmic relaxation" by gently reducing your heart rate and breathing rate. You may even feel a sense of euphoria as your nervous system relaxes and your body increases its production of endorphins.More information...

An hour of very gentle, dreamy background music for meditation, relaxation, self hypnosis and sleep. Whenever you're in the mood to relax, soften your mood and lift the atmosphere around you, Adrift is the perfect music choice.More Information...

Composed primarily with Tibetan Singing Bowls, Deep Beneath the Dreaming is an incredibly relaxing musical experience with a mystical atmosphere and a sophisticated tapestry of intermingled sounds. The deep tones and extremely slow pacing of this music encourage mental deceleration and help you relax into a very deep state of consciousness.More information...

This soothing, imaginative soundscape provides just enough stimulation to absorb your attention and draw you into a deeply relaxed state, but not so much stimulation that it ever becomes distracting. This utterly hypnotic music helps to draw your mind into a state of deep, restorative sleep.More information...

Featuring bowed Tibetan bells, lustrous chimes and soft washes of white noise, Purity is a deeply relaxing musical experience that cleanses your energy and encourages your mind to let go of repetitive thinking patterns. This unusual music is like a healing balm for your mind and body, and a cleansing shower for your aura and energy.More information & previews...

A profoundly relaxing musical journey that will lead you to the very core of your being. Inner Sanctumencourage your mind to let go of concentrated thinking and open up to a world of inner exploration and deep insight.More information...

This soothing, heavenly music will open your heart and help you to bridge the gap between your earthly self and your spiritual self - it's all about connecting with the highest aspects of your being. Inspiring spiritual music for meditation, relaxation and emotional balancing.More information...

This gentle music for meditation includes the soothing sound of waves breaking gently onto a sandy beach, while the soft, hypnotic pulsing of the bassline lulls you into a state of deep meditation. For relaxation, meditation and blissful sleep.More information...

In Letting Go, serene choir sounds float gently through the air. This simple, heartwarming music moves very slowly and gently, and never strays too far from its main theme. So restful. So calming. This beautiful music is like a gentle massage for your mind, washing away every last drop of noise and tension until you sink into a state of blissful sleep.More information...

So beautiful. So inspiring. Heaven's Gate will open your heart and fill you with a sense of serenity and spirit. This music is calming and uplifting, and it has been known to bring a tear to the eye of some listeners.More information...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.