Title: Mindfulness Bells
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/mindfulness-bell.html
Words: 1406
---

"Relax... Meditation is easy... Let the mindfulness bell do the work for you..."Our Mindfulness Bell recordings are some of our most popular downloads of all time.

The original mindfulness bell - a perfectly balanced sound that is suited to beginners and experienced meditators alike.

Mindfulness Bell Volume 1 is a powerful meditation tool that was created for people who want to practice mindfulness meditation. It features the sound of a specially selected meditation bell that is played at periodic intervals to help clear your mind and guide you into a deep state of meditation.

This high quality mp3 download includes a 60 minute version for formal meditation practice, and also a separate "5 Minute Mindfulness" recording that's perfect for those times when you just want to clear away mental clutter and get on with your day.

More information...

Mindfulness Bell Volume 2 uses a larger Tibetan Singing Bowl with a deeper, richer sound that rings out for a much longer time. This is an ideal recording for those who have used Mindfulness Bell Volume 1 for at least a few weeks and would like to "graduate" to a deeper meditation experience with longer periods of silence to enjoy.

This high quality mp3 download includes a 60 minute version for formal meditation practice, and also a separate "5 Minute Mindfulness" recording that's perfect for those times when you just want to clear away mental clutter and get on with your day.

More information...

This value bundle includes both Mindfulness Bell Volume 1 and Volume 2 for a discounted price.

Both album downloads include a 60 minute version for formal meditation practice, and also a separate "5 Minute Mindfulness" recording perfect for those times when you just want to clear away mental clutter and get on with your day.More information...

These mindfulness bell recordings contains nothing but the pure sound of a Tibetan singing bowl being repeatedly struck with a soft mallet.

This calming sound is a wonderfulfocal pointfor
meditation. Simply absorb your attention in the sound of the mindfulness
bell. No mantra is required, no special breathing techniques are
needed, just let your awareness be consumed by the sound of the bell.

Your mind will become clearer and more calm with each and every
bell strike, and as the bells fade into silence, your mind is given the
opportunity to experience a very natural state of stillness.

The bell sounds encourages your mind to become still and silent, but alert. This is mindfulness training at its best!

There’s something really nice about being able to meditate without having to worry about concentrating
intensely or repeating a mantra.

Just let the bells do the work for you.

Their comforting, meditative sound will help you to anchor
your awareness in the present moment so that you can move past mental noise and get in touch with that part of you that is already quiet and still. This really is a very effective way to meditate.

"Relax... Meditation is easy... Let the mindfulness bell do the work for you."

Mindfulness Bell

OurMindfulness Bell recordingsare some of our most popular downloads of all time.

If there is one thing I learned while recording the Tibetan Singing Bowls for Mindfulness Bells Volume One and Two, it’s that meditation bells are not all equal!

Each and every bell has its own unique sound. Some
are quite unmusical, whereas others have harmonics that mingle
beautifully. Some oscillate too quickly or in awkward patterns that are
distracting, whereas others oscillate with a natural rhythm that is
deeply relaxing. Some bells really clang when they are struck, others are too boomy.

I sampled dozens of different bells and eventually exhausted my
own collection of over 65 different bells and meditation bowls before I
found the singing bowl with the right sound for Mindfulness Bell Volume 1. Two more years passed before I found the right singing bowl for Volume 2.

I am very particular about the sound of the bowls I choose, and I'm also very meticulous when it comes to the recording process. It's easy to underestimate just how much thought and effort
goes into "simple" recordings like these. As a music composer and someone who is more than a little obsessed with sound
quality, I spent a huge amount of time experimenting with different
microphones and recording techniques before I captured the sounds you
hear in these recordings.

My many years of practicing meditation and composing music for meditation have really helped to attune my senses to what makes a great sounding meditation bell. It is my sincere hope that my dedication to meditation and my meticulous approach to recording has resulted in a sound that will bring you the most relaxing, enriching meditation experience possible.

Volume 1 is a great all round meditation bell that anyone can enjoy. It's has a perfectly balanced sound that will keep you relatively alert while encouraging feelings of deep relaxation.

Volume 2 is more suited to people with a little bit of experience with meditation, or those who have used Mindfulness Bell Volume 1 for at least a few weeks. This bell has a deeper tone and exceptional sustain, and we allow longer periods of silence between each bell strike. It can lead to very deep states of stillness and rest.

Having said that, if you listen to the previews and one particular bell really resonates with you, then feel free to ignore the above advice and simply choose whichever volume is the most enjoyable to you.

It's also worth mentioning that there is nothing wrong with using both bells from time to time. Sometimes you can go "numb" to the sound of one bell, and so switching to another can help to refocus and refresh your meditation practice.

"I have tried various meditation recordings over the years and this one
is the best by far. The sound of the bell vibrating into silence and the
silences between the sounds becoming longer help to ease one into a
deeply meditative state without extraneous words or music. It is perfect
for attaining the gap between thoughts, and the gap increases
throughout to allow for a deep and rewarding experience. I highly
recommend this for anyone interested in meditation and especially for
those who need help controlling their monkey minds. Namaste!"Tobi Hewitt

"I have looked for quite some time (years) for a recording that was
timed, had a clear sound and resonance, and that sounded "real". Great
recording, I use it daily, and have had other of my friends, who are
counselors, listen to it, and they plan on ordering."MICounsellor

"This thing works wonders for me where other mindfulness
practices have failed. I've been meditating for over a year now but only
by rigidly holding to one thought--say a number or mantra--or inducing
trance. Mindfulness seemed esoteric to me and hard to envision.
When the bell cleared to silence I could hear all the activity going on
around me but without all the preconceived notions of what those sounds
pertained to--more like I did as a child. I get it now. The "awareness."
Amazing."

Nohopebutwhatwemake Via YouTube

"I just bought the full version, its amazing, I was victim of the stress
on my job and after 3 hours of continuous meditation with this sound
playing in the background, I feel like a new man right now, thanks a
million!!!"Mr Geomusic via YouTube

Try out these simple mindfulness exercises.Want to try some mindfulness activities? Follow this link for more.You and your ears can bring mindfulness to life! Try this mindful listening exercise.

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.