Title: Nature Sounds
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/nature-sounds-downloads.html
Words: 600
---

Carefully recorded and mastered, these high quality mp3 downloads have a natural soundscape that’s so alive, fresh and crystal clear that you will feel like you’re actually there, especially when listening with headphones.

Nature sounds are innately soothing to your body and mind. As a relaxation tool they are incredibly effective and are often used for stress relief, to enhance meditation, to encourage deep relaxation and deep sleep. Even playing quietly in the background nature sounds have a way to positively effect any space and anyone in it.

Delightfully pure and serene, The Temple Gardens Volume 2 opens with nature sounds, wind chimes, contemplative flute phrases and softly bowed crystal singing bowls. As time goes by, the instrumentation fades away, leaving only the calming sound of a forest stream and wind chimes.Also available with binaural beats.More information...

Deep in the forest, hidden from the world, a Zen master rests quietly in the gardens that encircle an ancient temple. With his eyes closed, he plays a wooden flute as wind chimes sway gently in the breeze. The Temple Gardens captures the feeling of this magical place completely.Also available with binaural beats.More information...

Listening to Rainforest Waterways is the ideal way to tune out from the world and relax. It is a natural soundscape that’s so alive, fresh and crystal clear that you will feel like you’re actually there, especially when listening with headphones. It adds a tranquil atmosphere to meditation and is also wonderfully effective as a sleeping aid.More information...

The Shores of Eternity is the kind of album that you’ll listen to when you want to enjoy a serene, uplifting atmosphere while you go about your day. Ocean wave sounds, flutes, acoustic guitars and angelic choirs all play a part in this enchanting music. Another delightful composition by Christopher Lloyd Clarke - gentle and simply heart warming.More information...

The tranquil sound of ocean waves is so very hypnotic and soothing. These natural white noise sounds are great for general relaxation, for helping you to sleep, or as a peaceful aid to meditation. Note: contains only nature sounds (no music). Also available with theta or delta frequency binaural beats.More information...

Deep Beneath the Dreaming Oceanic Edition is a deeply soothing combination of a large, deep singing bowl with a recording of ocean waves captured in Tasmania. It's VERY very relaxing!More information...

Nothing but the soothing sound of a gentle breeze rustling through nearby trees and grasses. If you find typical white noise recordings a bit overwhelming, then you will find that Soothing Winds will give you a much softer, more gentle listening experience that is wonderful for enhancing meditation or encouraging deep sleep.Also available with either theta or delta frequency binaural beats.More information...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.