Title: New Music Releases
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/new-meditation-music.html
Words: 690
---

Discover new meditation music downloads by Christopher Lloyd Clarke.

Delightfully pure and serene, The Temple Gardens Volume 2 opens with nature sounds, wind chimes, contemplative flute phrases and softly bowed crystal singing bowls. As time goes by, the instrumentation fades away, leaving only the calming sound of a forest stream and wind chimes.Also available with binaural beats.More information...

Whalesong Serenade is an enriching musical experience that features the majestic, soulful song of humpback whales and the soothing sound of ocean waves. The music is very spacious, uncluttered and slow in tempo.Also available with binaural beats.

More information & previews...

Delicate, twinkling chimes and angelic voices, Ethera is true musical serenity. It effortlessly permeates and dispels negative energies, bringing light and grace to where it is most needed. Deeply soothing and relaxing.Also available with binaural beats.More information & previews...

Floating is sparkling lights, soft sunshine through trees, and pure gentle relaxation. The soothing combination of bells and nature sounds create a gentle, light-filled atmosphere that is perfect for both relaxation and meditation. This lovely piece of music fills your heart with love and light. It's gentle and soft, pure relaxation magic.More information...

Gabriel's Song is a wonderful spiritual journey, overflowing with love and light. It is serene and deeply moving, a dedication to Archangel Gabriel. This music forms a bridge between you and your angels, a conduit for angelic communication.More information...

Adrift Volume 2 is an incredibly gentle musical journey that helps to quiet your mind. Deep relaxation is simply unstoppable. The exceedingly slow tempo and dreamy atmosphere lead you away from everyday concerns and into a spacious realm of inner peace.More information...

Composed primarily with Tibetan Singing Bowls, Deep Beneath the Dreaming is an incredibly relaxing musical experience with a mystical atmosphere and a sophisticated tapestry of intermingled sounds. The deep tones and extremely slow pacing of this music encourage mental deceleration and help you relax into a very deep state of consciousness.More information...

This special 9 hour edition of continuous white noise music has been created for anyone who has trouble sleeping. This music is designed to transport you to a place that is beyond all thought and emotion, to a state of complete stillness and peace. It will have you nodding off in no time and ensure you get the sleep you need.More information...

This music is divinely inspired, a musical blessing from above. With its gentle, soothing tones and its angelic air, it is perfect for a spiritual meditation experience. It is so deeply relaxing, feeling peaceful becomes effortless. When you let go and allow the music to carry you away, you can easily imagine being in an angelic presence...More information...

The Shaman will transport you into another world. Let yourself be carried away by truly mesmerizing sounds that lull you into a thoughtless space where there is only sound and rhythm. Thoroughly relaxing. A true meditation music gem.More information...

Mystic Dawn is an enchanting composition that lulls you into an effortless state of deep relaxation. With its dreamy vibe this music is comforting and nurturing, a musical embrace for the soul. It is also a powerful stress reliever. This is the kind of music you can play for hours on end and just sink into. Magic time.More information...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.