Title: New Guided Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/new-guided-meditations.html
Words: 461
---

Discover new guided meditation downloads from The Guided Meditation Site.

Love your physical body. Feel safe and supported. Establish healthy personal boundaries. Believe that you deserve an abundant life. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced root chakra. Enjoy soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your root chakra and build a strong foundation for a happier, more peaceful and empowered life. Strong & Supported is the sixth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

This deeply relaxing guided chakra meditation was created to clear, re-energise and balance the seven main chakras in your body. Using powerful energy channeling visualisations, this meditation will help you increase your energy and provide gentle healing on the deepest level. Blissful Balance is the fifth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

'Relaxation' is the first guided meditation album in the Compassionate Mindfulness series by Linda Hall. It includes three deeply soothing guided meditations to promote deep relaxation and wellbeing. You will learn how mindfulness and self-compassion make a profound difference to peace of body and mind. The additional day-to-day mindfulness exercises will teach you how to relax your mind and body in simple steps that you can easily apply to everyday living.More information...

Gentle, yet powerful guided meditations for inner wellbeing and relaxation. These deeply relaxing meditations help you to manage anxiety and negative thinking, release stress and develop a kinder relationship with yourself. They teach you how to build and maintain a healthy base-line for wellbeing through practicing mindfulness and self-compassion.More information...

The deeply relaxing meditations on this beautiful album are spirit-inspired. The visualizations, guided imagery and affirmations are designed to help you attract that special person into your life, while simultaneously relaxing you from head to toe.More information...

These guided imagery meditations are wonderfully relaxing. Allow yourself to be swept away to spend some time at the beach. Let go of your daily concerns, unwind and relax. Give your mind a mini holiday and your body some well deserved time to recharge.More information & previews...

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.