Title: Peace, Tranquility and Healing
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/guided-meditation-script-peace-tranquility-healing.html
Words: 634
---

*Please note: This script is for personal use only. You cannot use this script to create your own recordings or videos. However you may read this script aloud in classes or to clients. If you are looking for scripts to record, please visit ourRoyalty Free Meditation Scriptspage.

This brief guided meditation script will guide you through a very healing visualization process. You can use this meditation script to experience a deep feeling of peace, tranquility and transcendence -Eternity Yoga

For more meditation scripts, or to contribute a meditation script of your own, please follow this link tofree guided meditation scripts.

Sitting comfortably or lying down with eyes closed, let's begin by becoming aware of the breath......

Feel the breath as it enters with a cool feeling and then warming as it gently travels down into the lungs.....

Fill the lungs with a deep inhale, bringing in energy, vitality and prana, the life force.....

As you exhale, feel the body releasing toxins, stress and any negativity that has accumulated.....

Stay with this breath, focusing on the feeling of deep peace for ten deep inhalations and exhalations....

Feel the energy that is in the body....

Become aware of the warmth and tingling of every cell.....

Feel the energy that is in the extended environment, in every part of nature and in every living thing.....

Bring all those energies together and feel them as one.....

Visualize all of that energy shining brightly, as the sun.....

Bring the shining glow of bright energy over the crown of the head.....

Feel it starting to travel down into your body from the top of your head, slowly going down into your face and neck, traveling down into the shoulders, all the way down into the arms, down to the fingers.....

Feel the healing energy and light going down into your chest, all the way down to your hips.....

Feel it continue traveling down your legs all the way down to your toes.....

Your whole body is now filled with divine healing light and energy.....

Allow that healing energy to completely fill any physical area that needs healing energy.....

Feel it warming, healing and expanding through the area......

Allow the healing light to bring peace and healing to any emotional issues or traumas.....

Bring your awareness to any intentions or desires that you may have.....

Hold the thoughts of those intentions or desires as you allow the healing energy to bring your deepest desires to life and your intentions into reality.....

Feel your connection to divine energy and light, and know that all is ONE.

Stay with this deep, relaxing, peaceful feeling of bliss.For more free guided meditation scripts, or to contribute a meditation script of your own, please follow this link tofree guided meditation scripts.Keep Exploring...Learn how to meditateListen to Meditation MusicExplore Guided MeditationsFree guided meditation downloadExplore the various types of meditationWant to create a guided meditation? Start here...Real people tell their stories of how meditation benefited their lives

For more free guided meditation scripts, or to contribute a meditation script of your own, please follow this link tofree guided meditation scripts.

Learn how to meditate

Listen to Meditation Music

Explore Guided Meditations

Free guided meditation download

Explore the various types of meditation

Want to create a guided meditation? Start here...

Real people tell their stories of how meditation benefited their lives

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.