Title: Positive Affirmations Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/positive-affirmations.html
Words: 705
---

Positive affirmations are a wonderful tool for personal growth. Our affirmation downloads all include soothing therapeutic music to help you relax and really enjoy the process of transforming your mind - and your life!

While you're here, be sure to check out some of our helpful articles on affirmations:How to write positive affirmations that really work.How to use affirmations for maximum benefit.Understanding the power of affirmations.

Love your physical body. Feel safe and supported. Establish healthy personal boundaries. Believe that you deserve an abundant life. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced root chakra. Enjoy soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your root chakra and build a strong foundation for a happier, more peaceful and empowered life. Strong & Supported is the sixth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Open your heart. Be kind and loving. Find that part within yourself that is able to love unconditionally. Be compassionate and forgiving. Form healthy relationships that bring you happiness and joy. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced heart chakra. Enjoy heart warming music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your heart chakra and open you to the most powerful force in the world - love. Living From The Heart is the fourth album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

Become an excellent communicator. Be a great listener, one that is appreciated by others. Get that powerful voice to bravely ask for what you want. Be heard. These are just some of the qualities of a healthy and balanced throat chakra. Enjoy deeply relaxing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your throat chakra and strengthen your natural ability to express yourself fearlessly and with love. Express Yourself With Love And Confidence is the third album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

A vivid imagination. Deep intuitive perception. The ability to focus and to visualize with clarity. A mindful awareness of the present moment. Mental stillness. These are just some of the qualities of a powerful mind. Enjoy tranquil music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you relax, balance your third eye chakra and develop the power of your mind. A Powerful Mind is the second album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne Kempken.More information...

This inspiring meditation experience uses soothing music with theta frequencies and positive affirmations to help you connect with your higher self and open up to the voice of your spirit. Featuring the lovely voice of Susanne Kempken, Connecting To Spirit is deliciously relaxing and it's bound to make your heart sing. This is the first album in a series of chakra meditations by Susanne.More information...

This is a quick morning meditation that will relax you and give you a boost of positive energy. It's a fantastic way to start your day with a smile on your face. In this short meditation you will use some basic breathing exercises, simple visualizations and positive affirmations to bring about a calm and happy mindset.

More information...

This is a quick meditation that will relax you and give you a boost of confidence whenever you need it. It's an enjoyable way to ease tension or nervousness during times when you feel a little insecure or unsure of yourself. In this short meditation you will use some basic breathing exercises, simple visualizations and positive affirmations to bring about a relaxed and confident mindset.More information...

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.