Title: Relaxation Scripts
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/relaxation-script.html
Words: 366
---

On this page you will find a free relaxation script to read as well as relaxation scripts you can purchase with a royalty free license. A royalty free license gives you legal permission to use the script to create your own recordings and videos.

You can also find moreguided meditation scripts here.

Please notethat you cannot use any free scripts to create your own recordings or videos. If you are looking forscripts with a royalty free license please click here.

General Guided RelaxationThis brief script is a perfect example of a general body-mind relaxation. Perfect for preparing for meditation, or just for winding down.

Passive Relaxation ScriptThis free script will help you to induce a state of total mind-body relaxation. It's a perfect prelude to a guided meditation and takes about 7-9 minutes to read aloud.

Rapid Relaxation ScriptThis script is for progressive muscle relaxation and it has been condensed so that you can complete the entire relaxation in just 8 minutes.

Royalty Free Meditation Script

This progressive muscle relaxation script is a wonderful guided relaxation for releasing stress. It guides you through a series of muscle release exercises while you breathe deeply, helping you to relax your physical body from head to toe.More information...

Buy 3 scripts or more & receive a 30% discountCoupon code:3SCRIPTSDISCOUNT

View our Guided Meditation Scripts

Learn how to write your own guided meditation scriptInner Health StudioFor more great scripts, check out Inner Health Studio. Inner Health Studio provides information on stress, anxiety, and relaxation. Access free relaxation scripts, download relaxation audio and videos, and explore self-help techniques.

Browse our Royalty Free Meditation Scripts

Take a quick tour of ourRoyalty Free Meditation Scripts FAQshere.

Read ourRoyalty Free Meditation ScriptsTerms of Usehere.

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.