Title: Ribbons of Healing Light
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/ribbons-of-healing-light.html
Words: 827
---

Make yourself comfortable either sitting or lying down. Move around as much as you want to until you feel settled. During meditation don’t be afraid of moving, or coughing, tummies rumbling etc, it’s all natural.Now become aware of your breathing. Don’t try to force any sort of rhythm, just let it become slower and natural, at a pace which is right for you.Quietly scan down your body beginning with the crown of your head, take a deep breath and release any tension on your out breath. Let this feeling of relaxation soften the muscles around your face, temples and jaw. Don’t clench your teeth and let your tongue rest gently on the roof of your mouth.Take another deep breath and become aware of any tension in your neck and shoulders. Breathe in and as you exhale, let your shoulders drop becoming soft and relaxed. Let this feeling of relaxation spread down your arms and into your fingers, down your chest and abdomen, your back and legs right down to your toes. Breathe to your own rhythm and let your whole body become heavy, soft and relaxed.It's a summer day and I want you to imagine that you are sat down on a mountain top at dusk. It is very safe and you have nothing to do but relax. As you look around you, you can see the sun finally disappearing on the horizon as darkness begins to descend.You lie down on the soft blanket you have brought with you and rest your head comfortably on your soft pillow looking up at the night sky. You feel completely safe and relaxed.You see a full moon shining down on you and stars begin to appear twinkling in the night sky. As you watch, the sky becomes darker, the moon and stars become brighter.As you settle into watching, you become aware of a faintgreenribbon of light in the distance, like a wisp of smoke, as it gets closer to you, it becomes more solid in colour and a brighter green. The green light gently rests above you now sending its healing through the physical body. Let that green energy flow over the cells, down into the centre of each cell within your body leaving them energised and cleansed.Now you become aware of a faintpinkribbon of light in the distance, like a wisp of smoke, as it gets closer to you, it becomes more solid in colour and a brighter pink. The pink light gently rests above you now sending its healing through the emotional body. Let that pink energy flow over each and every cell, down into the centre of each cell within your body leaving a beautiful layer of pink over the green.Now you can see a faintblueribbon of light in the distance, like a wisp of smoke, as it gets closer to you, it becomes more solid in colour and a brighter blue. The blue light gently rests above you now sending its healing through the mental body. Let that blue energy flow over the cells, down into the centre of each cell within your body leaving a beautiful layer of blue over the green and pink.Now you become aware of a faintpurpleribbon of light in the distance, like a wisp of smoke drifting lazily towards you. As it gets closer to you, it becomes more solid in colour and a brighter purple. The purple light gently rests above you now sending its healing through the spiritual body. Let that purple energy fill every cell, down deep into the Master blueprint of your DNA, leaving a layer of purple and raising the vibrations of the green physical, the pink emotional and the blue mental into the more perfect vibrations of thevioletray.The green, pink, blue and purple lights have now merged into a beautiful violet healing light within your body. Feel it moving within you and coating the cells with its wonderful healing energy. Stay with this feeling for a few moments.The healing lights have been absorbed gently into your body and it’s now time to leave the mountain and become aware of your own surroundings. You become aware of your body as you slowly become more awake feeling energised and refreshed. Take your time to come around fully, wriggle your fingers and toes and have a good stretch. You can return to this mountain anytime you feel the need for healing.

Click here to add your own comments

Click here to add your own comments

Return to Guided Meditation Scripts.

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.