Title: Short Guided Meditations
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/short-guided-meditations.html
Words: 667
---

If you feel like you could use a little more inner peace but don't have time for an hour of meditation every day, then why not give our new short guided meditations a try. They will help you maintain a balanced emotional / mental state throughout your day to day life and at only 8-15 minutes in length, they are easy to slip into your schedule.

Do you ever find that you are too busy to fit in time for deep relaxation? We'll you're not alone. Many of us are run off our feet these days! Well if you can find just 8 minutes to spare then you are going to LOVE this guided relaxation!More information...

The Feeling Safe Short Meditation is the perfect meditation for people who don't have much time to spare. You can easily use it in your lunch break or whenever you need a quick ‘I am safe; I can do this’ reassurance.More information...This short meditation is included in the Feeling Safe guided imagery meditation.Click here for more information...

This is a short guided meditation that is beautifully relaxing. If you are looking for a simple meditation that will enhance your mood, put a smile on your face and relax your body, then this is the one for you.More information...

An effortless meditation for overcrowded minds. Becoming Centered and Balanced Within Yourself is a short meditation that will help you let go of unwanted mental noise and feel more peaceful during everyday life.More information...

This guided meditation is perfect for people who want a simple way to feel more energised without spending huge amounts of time in meditation. It’s also suitable for experienced meditators who enjoy having a short meditation on hand to enhance their energy levels quickly and easily.More information...

This is an excellent meditation for people who need to need to stay focussed while slowing down what’s going on inside them, mentally and emotionally. It will help you to loosen your grip on life and bring you into the present moment so that you can enjoy living without the burden of a tense and controlling mindset.More information...

“Letting The Ground Steady You” might not be your first idea of what a guided meditation should be all about, but steadiness is a wonderful down-to-earth quality that many people are missing. Steadiness in life means having a calm confidence. It’s a state of grounded relaxation that leads to effortless self–assuredness.More information...

This brief meditation will help you to open up some “inner space” and experience your life from a more peaceful perspective. If your mind feels a little crowded sometimes, then Stepping Back From Things will really help you to loosen up, release tension and go with the flow.More information...

Loving Kindness is one thing that you can never have too much of. In our fast paced world, we all need to remember to put our attention on loving kindness – the more often the better.More information...

A collection of 6 guided meditations that you can use at any time of day to help keep yourself in a great emotional / mental state.These meditations have been selected because of their usefulness in everyday life. Each one is of a modest duration (around 10 - 15 minutes) so that you can experience their benefits without giving up too much of your precious time.More information & previews...

Browse our guided meditationsBrowse guided meditations by categoryCheck out our latest guided meditationsBrowse our Top 10 Guided MeditationsTreat yourself to some deeply relaxing meditation musicTry a Meditation Video...

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.