Title: Sleep Music
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/sleep-music.html
Words: 915
---

We have some wonderful music for sleep to share with you. Whether you are looking for deeply relaxing music, white noise sleep music or nature sounds, you're sure to find a recording here that will gently absorb your attention and literally guide yourbrainwavesinto a state of deep, deep sleep. We are confident that these downloads will help you get the rest you deserve.

To maximize their effectiveness, these recordings contain delta frequenciesand are best experienced with headphones.

Delightfully pure and serene, The Temple Gardens Volume 2 opens with nature sounds, wind chimes, contemplative flute phrases and softly bowed crystal singing bowls. As time goes by, the instrumentation fades away, leaving only the calming sound of a forest stream and wind chimes.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

Whalesong Serenade is an enriching musical experience that features the majestic, soulful song of humpback whales and the soothing sound of ocean waves. The music is very spacious, uncluttered and slow in tempo.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.

More information & previews...

This soothing, imaginative soundscape provides just enough stimulation to absorb your attention and draw you into a deeply relaxed state, but not so much stimulation that it ever becomes distracting. This utterly hypnotic music contains delta frequencies to help draw your mind into a state of deep, restorative sleep.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

This music is very, very gentle. You'll hear no chimes, no pianos or extravagant instrumentation, no unexpected changes in volume or tempo; just a soothing musical experience that leads to effortless relaxation.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

Delicate, twinkling chimes and angelic voices, Ethera is true musical serenity. It effortlessly permeates and dispels negative energies, bringing light and grace to where it is most needed. Deeply soothing and relaxing.Also available withtheta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information & previews...

In Letting Go, serene choir sounds float above a warm, soothing backdrop of delta frequencies. This simple, heartwarming music moves very slowly and gently, and never strays too far from its main theme. So restful. So calming. This beautiful music is like a gentle massage for your mind, washing away every last drop of noise and tension until you sink into a state of blissful sleep.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

Mystic Dawn is an enchanting composition that lulls you into an effortless state of deep relaxation. With its dreamy vibe this music is comforting and nurturing, a musical embrace for the soul.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

White noise has long been revered as a fantastic sound for inducing states of deep relaxation and sleep. We've taken the concept of white noise sleep a big step forward by adding delta frequencies and swirling the white noise so as to create an intoxicating combination of sounds that is almost impossible to stay awake through. Listen quietly for a sublime experience.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

Deep in the forest, hidden from the world, a Zen master rests quietly in the gardens that encircle an ancient temple. His eyes closed, he plays a wooden flute as wind chimes sway gently in the breeze. The Temple Gardens captures the feeling of this magical place.Also available with theta frequency binaural beats for enhanced meditation.More information...

Delta frequencies blended with the sound of ocean waves lapping gently and rolling onto the shore. A long time favourite for lovers of nature sounds, and a fantastic alternative to traditional white noise recordings. Seriously relaxing stuff!Also available without binaural beats for a simpler musical experience that does not require headphones.More information...

Delta frequencies blended with the sound of a gentle breeze rustling through nearby trees and grasses. Simple, soothing and a great way to drown out the chatterbox in your mind. If you find typical white noise sleep recordings a bit too overwhelming, then you will find that Soothing Winds will give you a much softer, more gentle listening experience, and help you to achieve a natural state of deep sleep.Also available without binaural beats for a more natural experience that does not require headphones.More information...

This special 9 hour edition of continuous white noise music has been created for anyone who has trouble sleeping. This music is designed to transport you to a place that is beyond all thought and emotion, to a state of complete stillness and peace. It will have you nodding off in no time and ensure you get the sleep you need.More information...

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.