Title: Subscribe Here
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/subscribe.html
Words: 385
---

If you like The Guided Meditation Site, please subscribe by entering your email address and name. We'd love to keep in touch with you!

Subscribe to The Guided Meditation Site and get immediate access to our free downloads, including a free copy of "The Blissful Mind" guided meditation, some deliciously relaxing meditation and sleep music, and a free copy of our e-book, "Designing a Meditation Room".

It's nice to know what you're signing up for when you subscribe to a website. So let's quickly cover what it means to be a subscriber.

First of all, it's free to subscribe, and you can unsubscribe any time you like.

As a subscriber you will receive our free guided meditation, "The Blissful Mind Meditation" and you will receive a number of other free relaxation downloads.

In future, you will hear from us when we release new guided meditations and meditation music, and if we have a special offer to share, then you'll be the first to know.

We love our subscribers and we respect your privacy. Your email address will be 100% secure and we'll never share it with anyone.

This free 20 minute guided imagery meditation is yours to keep.It's super relaxing, easy to follow and it will allow you to start enjoying the benefits of meditation right away.

We will send you a download link to The Blissful Mind Meditation once you have entered your email address above.

Music for meditation & deep relaxationBrainwave entrainment music for an enhanced meditation experienceSleep music - seriously relaxing sounds for nodding offChakra music - cleanse, purify and enliven your chakras with this inspiring music

White noise - downloads for clearing the mindMindfulness bells - great tools for mindfulness meditation enthusiastsMeditation TimersBrowse guided meditations by category

Meditation Music

Binaural Music

Sleep Music

Chakra Music

Angelic Music

Mindfulness Bell

Nature Sounds

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.