Title: Types of Meditation
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/types-of-meditation.html
Words: 1022
---

There are probably more types of meditation in this world than anyone could ever name or describe. Meditation has been around for thousands of years, so it’s little wonder that a wide range of meditation techniques has evolved.

Fortunately, we live in a digital age in which you can learn about meditation methods from all over the planet at the touch of a button. Read on as we explore all sorts of popular meditation techniques.

This guided meditation is powerful, profoundly relaxing and very easy to follow. It is super effective for both experienced meditators and for people who have no experience with meditation.

If you have never listened to a guided meditation before today, then this is the perfect way to start. Take a seat, relax, and enjoy the effortless experience of being guided to a blissful place of serenity, while listening to relaxing music and the sounds of nature.

Just fill out the form below to receive your free copy of The Blissful Mind Meditation!

Easy Starter MeditationWant to try a straightforward meditation technique right now? These easy meditation techniques will get you started.Candle MeditationThis is an open-eye meditation that involves focussing your attention on a burning candle flame. When practiced properly it can lead to a profoundly deep meditation.Breathing MeditationBreathing meditation is a great type of meditation for beginners. It's quite easy to learn and it is a powerful weapon against stress and anxiety.Mindfulness MeditationMindfulness meditation is a very straightforward type of meditation that is becoming quite popular these days. More and more psychologists recommend mindfulness meditation because it is a very effective natural treatment for depression, anxiety and other emotional difficulties.Transcendental Meditation ®Transcendental is a popular type of mantra meditation. Find out why Transcendental Meditation (TM) has become one of the most widespread types of meditation in the western world.

Walking MeditationWalking meditation is a type of meditation that you can do while you are on your feet and on the move. Very healthy, very popular, and very easy to try. You really can turn the simple act of walking into a serene meditative experience.Chakra MeditationChakra meditation is a meditation method that uses specific visualizations so as to open and cleanse the 7 major energy centres in the body. Chakra meditation may not be your first choice technique for everyday use, but if you need to recharge your body, mind and soul then using chakra meditation is an excellent way to revitalize you from the inside out.Guided Imagery MeditationGuided imagery meditation is a meditation technique that involves the use of visualizations so as to tailor your meditation to achieve specific outcomes, from healing to stress relief, personal development and more.Cosmic MeditationCosmic meditation is a type of meditation that is designed to heighten and enhance your awareness of your connection to the universe. Perhaps not the best choice for beginners, but if you are interested in exploring new meditation techniques, then cosmic meditation is a wonderful type of meditation to try.

Do you have a favourite type of meditation? Do you know something about a special meditation technique that you'd like to share?We'd love to hear from you!Please tell us about the meditation technique that you use, or write an article about a type of meditation that you really believe in.

Enter the title of your article here

Entering your story is easy to do. Just type!...Your story will appear on a Web page exactly the way you enter it here. You can wrap a word in square brackets to make it appear bold. For example [my story] would show asmy storyon the Web page containing your story.TIP: Since most people scan Web pages quickly, include your best thoughts in your first paragraph.

Do you have a picture to add? Great! Click the button and find it on your computer. Then select it.

Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional)

Click here to upload more images (optional)

Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional)

Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional)

Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional)

Author Information (optional)

To receive credit as the author, enter your information below.

(first or full name)

Your Location

(e.g., City, State, Country)

Submit Your Contribution

Check box to agree to thesesubmission guidelines.I am at least 16 years of age.I understand and accept theprivacy policy.I understand that you will display my submission on your website.

(You can preview and edit on the next page)

Click below to see contributions from other visitors to this page...

The Mindful Coffee MeditationToday I am sharing one of my own personal meditation favourites with you, called The Mindful Coffee Meditation. You might laugh at the concept of combining …

Life force meditation - Deep, Deep relaxationNot rated yetI begin this meditation by sitting on a foot stool as to lift off floor. I light candle and place facing North, North east. I begin by deap rappid breathing …

The Power Up Candle MeditationNot rated yetThis is a meditation you can use whenever you are feeling a little depleted. On the days when I can feel myself slumping or collapsing around the middle …

Heart Rhythm MeditationNot rated yetI practice and teach a type of meditation called Heart Rhythm meditation. This is an ancient practice that has been developed to meet modern world needs. …

Click here to write your own.

Our deeply soothingGuided Meditationshave been created with just one goal...to help you relax and get in touch with that place of stillness within.

Learn how to meditate

Listen to Meditation Music

Explore Guided Meditations

Free guided meditation download

Explore the various types of meditation

Want to create a guided meditation? Start here...

Real people tell their stories of how meditation benefited their lives

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.