Title: Why Meditate?
Source: the-guided-meditation-site.com
URL: https://www.the-guided-meditation-site.com/why-meditate.html
Words: 1053
---

Have you ever wondered, "why meditate"? If so, then read on as we briefly explore the benefits of meditation and look at some of the really practical, down to earth ways in which it can improve your quality of life.

Your mind is at work all day, every day!

Every decision you make, every challenge that you face, every moment you go through in life, your mind is your constant companion.

...and it can be your best friend or your worst enemy."~ Christopher Lloyd Clarke ~

More and more people are beginning to realize that one’s quality of life depends largely on one’s quality of mind.

In our frantic modern world, meditation has become one of the most popular ways for people to relax, de-stress, accelerate their spiritual development and enhance their quality of life.

This increase in popularity is also partly due to the fact that over the last few decades, a huge amount of research and scientific exploration has been conducted into thebenefits of meditation.

So let’s get to know more about what it’s like to meditate, and how meditation can help you in your own life.

When you practice meditation, your heart rate and your breathing gradually slow down. Your blood pressure normalizes and the function of your immune system improves. Meditation also causes your adrenal glands to produce less cortisol, one of the main hormones responsible for ageing.

As you meditate, your mind becomes clearer and clearer. You feel less burdened by mental chatter, and troubling emotions gradually melt away. Feelings of stress and anxiety are greatly reduced.

The inner calm that meditation provides also leads to a more positive outlook, increased intelligence and enhanced creativity. Meditation helps to eliminate stress and anxiety, and it helps you to sleep more deeply. With consistent practice, these positive effects compound and become permanently established.

People who meditate regularly tend to rave about the positive changes that meditation has brought into their lives.

But what about you?What if you’ve never experienced meditation before? Why meditate? What practical benefits can meditation offer to people like you and me and how can it help us in our everyday lives?

Spiritual people use meditation to get in touch with their inner self, to transcend the limiting perspective of their ego, and to experience a deeper connection with God.

Meditation helps you to relax and become more emotionally balanced. With this in mind, anyone who is in a relationship with a loving partner can benefit from meditation. With a calm mind and an open heart, conflicts are resolved more easily, and love is exchanged more readily, and more deeply.

For parents, meditation offers much needed relief from the pressures of day to day living, and from all the responsibilities that come with raising a family. For many parents, time spent in meditation is precious. It’s “me time”... quiet time that you give to yourself to relax and reflect.

It is very common for sportspeople to use meditation to help them perform at their peak. Meditation helps them to focus on achieving their goals, and to help them recover from strenuous exercise more quickly.

Business people, from office workers to CEO’s, use meditation to help them stay cool under pressure and to help them make clear, well formed decisions.

Students benefit greatly from meditation. Meditation helps by enhancing their intelligence, dramatically improving their memory, and increasing their ability to assimilate new information.

Artists use meditation to help them get in touch with their creativity. It’s hard to be creative when you are mentally overloaded or emotionally turbulent. Meditation relaxes you, quiets your mind, and opens up your imagination.

Scientists, engineers and other people with highly technical roles use meditation to help them think clearly and to solve complex problems.

Who wants life to be stressful?  No one!

Who wants to be healthy, happy and relaxed?  Everyone!

Why meditate?  Why wouldn't you?

No matter who you are, or what you do, meditation will improve your health, increase your performance, and enhance your quality of life. Even if you have never meditated before, the positive effects of meditation can be experienced from the very first time you try it. You don’t even need to go to classes or to hire a teacher. Just by exploring the resources on this website you can find all the information you need tolearn how to meditate, and to enjoy a happier, healthier life.

Meditation does take some practice, and for some people it can seem a little difficult to grasp in the early stages. However, the small amount of time and effort it takes to learn meditation are well worth it in terms of the overall benefits that meditation provides. One of the best ways for beginners to bypass the usual learning curve and to enjoy the benefits of meditation immediately is to listen to aguided meditation.

Guided meditation is simply, "meditation with the help of a guide". It’s an effortless and enjoyable experience that will leave you feeling deeply rested, relaxed and inspired. Guided meditation also has someadditional benefitsto offer that traditional meditation techniques do not. For example, a guided meditation can be tailored to help you achieve a specific goal, whether that goal is deep relaxation, finding clarity in life, increasing your performance or healing yourself on a physical or emotional level.Guided meditation is simply the easiest and quickest way to experience the benefits of meditation in your life.

This article is copyright protected, however you may republish it online or in print media provided that you include the following credit, including the active link:

Article by Christopher Lloyd Clarke fromwww.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com.

Learn how to meditate

Listen to Meditation Music

Explore Guided Meditations

Free guided meditation download

Explore the various types of meditation

Want to create a guided meditation? Start here...

Real people tell their stories of how meditation benefited their lives

FAQ'S|Site Search|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy|Contact Us

Copyright ©www.The-Guided-Meditation-Site.com

The content of this website, including all music, all text, all downloads, all music samples and all other material are owned or controlled bySpire Audioor their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Unauthorized duplication or distribution of this content is strictly prohibited. The audio productions on this site are for personal use only and may not be redistributed or republished without written permission. Royalty free licenses for some music may be obtained fromwww.enlightenedaudio.com.